Upon first glance, the [real] Craigslist homepage layout resembles the classifieds section of the newspaper: it's tightly packed 
with text and no images. Despite the bland layout, several main functions are clear: post, search, pick a sub/category, and change 
location. In redesigning the homepage, our group decided to retain the usefulness that the categories (community, personals, housing,
etc.) provide, while making them more inviting to the user to click on through the use of images to represent each of the categories,
laid out in a grid. The text label for each category image was white with some text shadow, which gave it some contrast over the 
colorful images and made it readable. We also decided to give the site a black navigation bar with white text that had a bit of 
letter spacing, in order to keep the design clean but elegant. We decided to put the searchbar in the upper left corner, because 
we felt that while it was an essential feature of a classifieds website, we wanted to focus the user's attention on the array of 
categories and to encourage them to use those to explore the website.

In the list view, we added a left and right bar with a light gray background with some features that the user might find useful 
(map displaying location for various results, popular keywords, starred items list). The color gray was meant to create a subtle 
contrast with the content in the center of the page without drawing too much attention away from it. The headers "Popular 
Keywords" and "Starred" are actually in the cursive Pacifico font used for "Craigslist" in the homepage, and this was to add some 
aesthetics while further emphasizing the functions of those headers. These two bars are in position: fixed, so that they are 
always there for the user to refer to. Each of the list entries is contained in a light blue box, and we think the black text 
over this blue color creates enough contrast for the entry description to be readable, while the differences in font size, 
weight, and style between different parts of the list entry reinforce different levels of importance. 

Finally, in the item view, we retained the gray left and right bars for consistency and mainly changed the center column. 
The layout is a basic image (with subimages) above a block of description text. We kept this content layout simple and predictable 
and spaced each element out enough so that the images and text did not appear to touch the edges of the screen or borders with 
the left and right bars.
